Your Programming Journey
The journey from novice to capable programmer can often feel like attempting to drink from a fire hose. With so many resources to choose from, you might worry that you’re wasting time on suboptimal programming guides.

After you finish reading this book (or even while you’re reading this book), I recommend following up by reading these additional introductory materials:

Python Crash Course (No Starch Press, 2019) by Eric Matthes is a book for beginners, but its project-based approach gives even experienced programmers a taste of Python’s Pygame, matplotlib, and Django libraries.
Impractical Python Projects (No Starch Press, 2018) by Lee Vaughan provides a project-based approach to expand your Python skills. The programs you’ll create by following the instructions in this book are fun and great programming practice.
Serious Python (No Starch Press, 2018) by Julien Danjou describes the steps you need to take to progress from a garage project hobbyist to a knowledgeable software developer who follows industry best practices and writes code that can scale.
But the technical aspects of Python are only one of its strengths. The programming language has attracted a diverse community responsible for creating a friendly, accessible body of documentation and support that no other programming ecosystem has matched. The annual PyCon conference, along with the many regional PyCons, hosts a wide variety of talks for all experience levels. The PyCon organizers make these talks available online for free at https://pyvideo.org/. The Tags page lets you easily find talks on topics that correspond to your interests.

To take a deeper dive into the advanced features of Python’s syntax and standard library, I recommend reading the following titles:

Effective Python (Addison-Wesley Professional, 2019) by Brett Slatkin is an impressive collection of Pythonic best practices and language features.
Python Cookbook (O’Reilly Media, 2013) by David Beazley and Brian K. Jones offers an extensive list of code snippets to upgrade any Python novice’s repertoire.
Fluent Python (O’Reilly Media, 2021) by Luciano Ramalho is a masterwork for exploring the intricacies of the Python language, and although its near-800-page size might be intimidating, it’s well worth the effort.
Good luck on your programming journey. Let’s get started!